Hey welcome back my students so then that's function from Chanology super simple to create.
We have to do.
This is fecche or the likes.
For this specific pose.
OK super simple.
So I'm going to go to functions actually I'm going to create one where we have all of this and we should
make some type of you know
some type of section where we just do this like for the user or the post or something like that like
a common for the polls.
But anyway so this user liked this post right below it.
I'm going to do a function get forced like something like that just in case you want to have lights
for something else in the future.
But
he's going to do that and he's going to make equerry
and equerry is going to say this in a variable called resoled like we have been doing and which you
and I do select all from likes where maybe the post Id
cause post Id come in from the from here somewhere.
And you know you guys can go go and I think I had this placeholder or something and put it back if you
want.
I was going to take it off.
OK but anyway
just get the post ID from here.
So we pass a post ID there and just right there.
OK so we can use a confirm query function to make sure that everything went according to plan and then
we can you know right from this function we can egle stuff out instead.
But before we do them we need to make the query.
Right now the query we can actually echo everything out right away.
My your name Rose we can't even make up a function for this one to just to you know fetch rows or something.
Maybe call effect Euros
get Paul Slyke So lets go and test this boy out.
And where do we want to put it let's see let's go back to post up BHB and we do have a place here that
we can try this out.
And there let's see this works and we don't have any problems.
And make sure that we pass a post ID.
As refresh.
And these post has no like less like it and you can see now that it's awesome.
Now we need to go and create another poll.
So let's go back here.
We're going to be doing a lot of stuff guys to to see him as a guy like a lot of things that we can
add.
So this is just to my second posts
and like stuff like there's lay users make sure it's the right user that's posting and things like that.
You know
let's just do that.
And Card Number two or something.
And Alexis puts
I want to get some some words.
I was going to copy the same thing from this guy.
All right up the posts.
Let's view the polls and we can see that the second pose as no likes.
And then we go to the front and let's go to the first polls and we can see that those have a like.
OK.
So I'm going to raise you another user and I'm going to see if there are the users can see this can
see the like or not.
Is there another user called Maria.
This has one like this is the first post I move stuff around so don't worry too much about it.
So I'm going to go here and I need a logo and I'm using Safari by the way I can use the same browser
because it's taken the session my session.
So in Safari which is my browser for my Mac I'm going to Louie and Maria and I go to the front.
I'm going to go to my first post and you can see that it does have one like what is a technique that
Maria has not liked it.
OK.
So first polls you can see here that is detecting that this guy liked it.
So I kind of like it.
And then Maria in the Maria side right here on the outside like and you can see now that it's as two
likes we go back here refresh.
You can see two likes but this doesn't change.
OK this is the Edwins side.
OK.
So let's go to the next pose which has no likes.
I don't like it in the Maria side as one like.
And he's attacked in that we already that we are liking it as a matter of fact that's just refresh.
Actually I liked it in the Edwins site.
Let's go back to where Porsche's is.
I'm already getting confused.
Let's go to the second pulse.
You can see that he has one liked and this is one make sure they use the same.
So my second post has one like which is Edwin and this here it says he has one like but it's not Maria.
So refresh Now Maria stuff is not changing come back here.
He does a day go one like but this is not working with the Safari
refresh.
OK so this is now working with Safari which is our
you know user like this functionality.
So let's go and check this out with this logo.
Whoops.
We got to fix that.
This is a bond hearing in Polsce.
So let's go ahead and do that real quick.
I'm going to start fixing up things when you know that I wrong with this.
But let's fix that real quick because that's annoying.
That has to be in the enclosed navigation so loadout make sure that you have for slashy a mass in your
logo.
OK.
But that is
PPOs has a dear friend.
Let's go to sidebar actually.
Sorry.
So you can see logo doesn't have the force.
I see a mess.
Make sure you have that in your links.
Nice.
That didn't work.
Oh there we go.
This is chrome This is Edwin.
Let's.
I'm testing things out here guys.
There's always a fiery and now safari.
Let's go to Firefox and let's see if this works in Firefox on the
this is Firefox.
I'm going to log in my read your once entry
and I'm going to go to my second pause see what's up so as to LAX.
I'm going to click like and it's not working on this side so we got something wrong.
Then we got a fix and now is good that is good that we tested it.
OK.
So something is going on here.
Let's go to the next lecture and let's fix it.